How to upload a file on google drive.md, before:

# How to Upload a File to Google Drive

Google Drive is a cloud storage service that allows you to save files online and access them from any device.  
This guide explains how to upload a file using a web browser.

---

## Prerequisites
- A Google account  
- An active internet connection  
- A web browser (e.g., Chrome, Edge, Firefox)

---

## Steps to Upload a File

1. **Open Google Drive**
   - Go to [https://drive.google.com](https://drive.google.com).
   - Sign in with your Google account if prompted.

2. **Choose Upload Option**
   - In the left-hand menu, click **"New"**.
   - From the dropdown, select **"File upload"**.

3. **Select the File**
   - Browse your computer for the file you want to upload.
   - Click **Open** to start the upload.

4. **Wait for Upload to Complete**
   - A progress box will appear in the bottom-right corner.
   - Once complete, the file will appear in **My Drive**.

---

---

## Troubleshooting
- **Upload fails**: Check your internet connection and try again.
- **Slow upload speed**: Pause other internet-heavy activities.
- **File type not supported**: Check Google Drive's file type restrictions.

---

**Last updated:** August 12, 2025

Commit message:

Update How to upload a file on google drive.md

How to upload a file on google drive.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: How to upload a File to Google Drive
---


# How to Upload a File to Google Drive

Google Drive is a cloud storage service that allows you to save files online and access them from any device.  
This guide explains how to upload a file using a web browser.

---

## Prerequisites
- A Google account  
- An active internet connection  
- A web browser (e.g., Chrome, Edge, Firefox)

---

## Steps to Upload a File

1. **Open Google Drive**
   - Go to [https://drive.google.com](https://drive.google.com).
   - Sign in with your Google account if prompted.

2. **Choose Upload Option**
   - In the left-hand menu, click **"New"**.
   - From the dropdown, select **"File upload"**.

3. **Select the File**
   - Browse your computer for the file you want to upload.
   - Click **Open** to start the upload.

4. **Wait for Upload to Complete**
   - A progress box will appear in the bottom-right corner.
   - Once complete, the file will appear in **My Drive**.

---

---

## Troubleshooting
- **Upload fails**: Check your internet connection and try again.
- **Slow upload speed**: Pause other internet-heavy activities.
- **File type not supported**: Check Google Drive's file type restrictions.

---

**Last updated:** August 12, 2025
